
























Practice Questions, Week 4


1.  Which of the following is true about the AWS shared responsibility  model?  (Select
THREE.)


a)    AWS operates, manages and controls  the components from the host operating system  and virtualization  layer down to the physical security of the facilities in which the service operates
b)   While AWS manages security of the cloud, security in the cloud is the
responsibility  of the customer.
c)    The customer may rely on AWS to manage the security of their workloads deployed on AWS.
d)   The customer must audit the AWS data  centers personally to confirm the compliance of AWS systems and services.
e)    The customer assumes responsibility  and management of the guest
operating system  (including updates and security patches),  other associated application software as well as the configuration of the AWS provided security group  firewall.
2.  Who is responsible for the configuration of security groups  in an AWS
environment?


a)    The customer and AWS are both  jointly responsible for ensuring that security groups  are correctly and securely configured.
b)   AWS is responsible for ensuring that all security groups are correctly and securely configured. Customers do not need  to worry about security groups configuration.
c)    AWS provides  the security groups functionality as a service, but the customer is responsible for correctly and securely configuring  their own security groups.
d)   Neither AWS nor the customer is responsible for the configuration of security groups; security groups are intelligently  and automatically configured using traffic heuristics.

3.  Which of the following Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) elements acts as a stateless firewall?

a)    Security group
b)   Network Access Control List (NACL)
c)    Network Address Translation  (NAT) instance
d)   Amazon VPC endpoint


4.  Which of the following statements is true when it comes  to the risk and compliance advantages of the AWS environment?

a)    Workloads must  be moved  entirely into the AWS Cloud in order to be compliant with various certifications and third-party attestations.
b)   The critical components of a workload must  be moved  entirely into the AWS Cloud in order to be compliant with various certifications and third- party attestations, but the non-critical  components do not.
c)    Few, many, or all components of a workload can be moved  to the AWS Cloud, but it is the customer’s responsibility  to ensure that  their entire workload  remains  compliant with various certifications and third-party attestations.
d)   The non-critical  components of a workload must  be moved  entirely into the AWS Cloud in order to be compliant with various certifications and third-party attestations, but the critical components do not.
5.  You are designing an application within AWS that requires  PCI Compliance.  You would therefore like access to security and compliance reports for the underlying AWS systems.  Which service can you use to access this documentation?

a)    AWS Artifact
b)   AWS CloudTrail
c)    AWS CodeBuild
d)   Raise a support request, AWS staff will then provide access to the documents using Amazon S3

6.  You have an application that will run on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application will make requests to Amazon S3 and Amazon DynamoDB. Using best  practices, what type of AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) principal should  you create for your application to access the identified  services?

a)    IAM user
b)   IAM group
c)    IAM role
d)   IAM directory


7.  Your security team is very concerned about the vulnerability of the IAM administrator user accounts. What steps  can be taken  to lock down these accounts? (Select THREE.)

a)    Implement a password policy on the AWS account
b)   Limit logins to a particular U.S. state
c)    Add multi-factor authentication (MFA) to the accounts
d)   Apply a source IP address condition to the policy that  only grants permissions when the user is on the corporate network
e)    Add a CAPTCHA test to the accounts


8.  Which AWS service automatically conducts security assessments of your applications deployed on AWS and provides  you with a detailed list of security findings prioritized by level of severity?

a)    AWS Systems  Manager
b)   Amazon CloudWatch
c)    Amazon Macie
d)   Amazon Inspector
9.  Your company has been  a victim of a Distributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) attack in the past. You want to prevent another DDoS attack  by ensuring that you can distribute your users (including illegitimate  requests) across multiple  regions. Which AWS service will help you achieve this?

a)    AWS WAF
b)   Amazon CloudFront
c)    AWS Shield
d)   Auto Scaling


10. Which AWS service records  API calls made on your account and delivers log files to your Amazon S3 bucket?

a)    Amazon CloudWatch
b)   Amazon Kinesis
c)    AWS Data Pipeline
d)   AWS CloudTrail






Answers

1) a, b, e; 2) c; 3) b; 4) c; 5) a; 6) c; 7) a, c, d; 8) d; 9) b; 10) d
